All right welcome back my students on the last lecture I told you that I was going to show you how to
create snippets of code basically little snippets that will actually be created every time you type
in certain words just like Emmett.
So if I type defend you I pressed stop.
You can see that something else is created right.
All right cool.
Let me show you how to do that.
So if you go to PH BE storm preferences or settings if you own a Windows machine I believe.
And you can typing here live and then you would get this life templates window then you're going to
click here live templates.
All right.
And I already have one set up but I'm going to set another one up for you so you can see how this is
done.
The rights are going to cancel that and going to set up this submit button.
All right.
So I'm going to copy it.
Copy that little code preferences.
And as you can see has a shortcut here.
So if I want to preface or you can see Command call my would bring that up for preferences live templates
.
Click on the user I just created the last lecture.
Well in the last couple of seconds so you just click plus symbol live template.
So I'm going to call this abbreviation submit and then I give it a description of a form submit button
and
BHP doesn't help me there with the spelling so I'm going to paste that in there and make sure I face
a really nice.
OK.
And I'm going to define it.
So every time I want to use an MPH P available apply and OK.
Let's go back.
There two references actually make it available anywhere.
So change.
I'm going to make it available anywhere.
Lie.
OK.
So if I want to create a submit button here and let's actually go back real quick I'm sorry guys we
call this submit.
All right.
So if I click on submit enter you can see if I type submit and tab.
I get that so submit tab.
There we go.
See how easy that was.
All right.
So now I created one before you see that one.
And I call that tets field enter an hour.
I have a test for you there.
All right.
And why did was copy this and do exactly what we did with the submit button.
Well you have little snippets of code and you can create a whole form if you want.
So if you want to go ahead in and create a whole form copy it but they get to live templates and just
create another template for it.
Coliform like this whole form pasted in there.
And now you have a whole form created for you romantically.
Pretty cool stuff right.
And you can fix it up why would you want.
And it's up to you how you want it.
All right.
Well I'm not going to fix it right now and I'm just going to put it everywhere.
OK.
You don't have to do that.
All right so now if I want to create a hole form I just say form enter and tab.
All right of course you might want to give it another name like open form or something like that.
All right.
All right cool.
Anyway thank you so much for watching this lecture I hope you learn a really good skill here.
So that way you can create applications a lot faster than before we BHB storm.
Thank you so much and I'll see you in the next lectures